After installation, updating an employee's `work_email`, `work_phone`, `mobile_phone` and `image` fields transparently changes the linked partner's appropriate field and vice versa. For obvious reasons, the default for the work address being the company's address has been lifted. Partners created through the work address field will have the `employee`-flag set, and the `partner_id` field on the user record filters for this flag.

When creating a user, you can select the existing partner record for your employee, so it will be updated transparently too. Creating a user via the user field in the employee form preselects this partner record.

As it would be problematic to have work addresses pointing to the company's partner with this module, all employees are updated with either a new partner as work address in case they are not linked to a user, or with the user's partner otherwise. This may take some time if you have a lot of employees. For existing work addresses, the partner's data win, so if your employee as ha different email/phone number/image than the corresponding partner, those fields will be overwritten - but only if it is set in the partner.

Also multiple employees pointing to the same partner is problematic. This is fixed by creating new partners for all employees involved, and flagging all of them with the label 'Duplicate work address' and the newly created ones with 'Duplicate work address / Newly created'. Then after installation, search for partners with this labels to do whatever cleanup you consider necessary. After this, it's safe to delete the labels again.
